add external blog posts (#307)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2023-06-22-migrate-cilium/index.md

---
date: '2023-06-22T11:28:00.000Z'
title: 'Tutorial: How to Migrate to Cilium (Part 1)'
ogImage: ogimage.webp

> ogSummary: 'Learn how to elegantly migrate from any CNI to Cilium'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Learn how to elegantly migrate from Flannel to Cilium'
```
